Data consolidation:
	BulkCo's system can be divided into 3 independent parts, PigIron 300 database, HR system, and customers system.
	The data of these three independent parts need to be integrated into a higher quality data set to satisfy the single source of truth theorem.
	The integrated data is usually stored in the data warehouse for data reporting and data analysis.
	For example, recently affected by the epidemic, the HR system has frequent personnel turnover and there are also many temporary employees.
	Many users return goods in the customers system. There are many products in the database that cannot be supplemented from the source
	All these data anomalies caused by the epidemic are all integrated and sent to the data warehouse for analysis.
	
Data federation:
	The main purpose of Data federation is to keep the three systems of database, HR, and customers synchronized at all times.
	For example, in the product management Pig Iron 300 system, a toothpaste stock is insufficient.
	While preparing to replenish the new source of goods, an accident happened suddenly, causing the new source of goods to be delayed for a period of time.
	The unexpected delay was not updated in the customers system in time, and the user thought there was toothpaste stock.
	At this time, data federation is required to run a queryt to coordinate all subsystems.
	
Data propagation:
  Data propagation can analyze different external data sources together locally. Especially suitable for advertising recommendation system.
  For example, BulkCo can link to some third-party data sources to understand the user's address, life, usual search keywords, and shopping habits.
  Thereby recommending some products specifically for this user as advertisements.
  
Changed Data Capture:
  Abbreviated as CDC, set up start events in multiple systems to change the information of multiple databases at the same time
  For example, in the customers system, when a user purchases a toothpaste, the inventory of the product database is updated through the CDC.
  If the toothpaste in inventory database is not enough, the employee is told through the event that the toothpaste need to be purchased.
  
Data Virtualization:
  Data Virtualization is similar to a data lake, which simultaneously obtains and integrates information source data from multiple systems.
  The difference is that Data Virtualization does not store actual data, or only uses cache for temporary storage. In this way, user can view and modify data instantly.
  On the client side, Data Virtualization can be used to recommend some current hot commodities to users in real time.
  On the management side, managers can adjust the weight of the price and the number of times the advertisement page appears through the sales of each product.


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  